[DOCS-1683] Update Activity Dashboard documentation for Multi-tenant Cloud (#1483)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/hosting/monitoring-usage/org_dashboard.md

    - interact with the W&B Server in any way.
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab header="Multi-tenant Cloud" value="saas" %}}
1. Navigate to the [**Members** page](https://wandb.ai/account-settings/wandb/members/). This page lists all users, along with data about each user.
1. To sort the list by user status, click the **Last Active** column label. Each user's status is one of the following:

    * **Invite pending**: Admin has sent invite but user has not accepted invitation. 
    * **Active**: User has accepted the invite and created an account.
    * `-`: A hyphen indicates that the user has not yet been active within the organization.

>     A user is _active_ if they perform any auditable action scoped to the organization. For a full list, refer to [Actions]({{< relref "/guides/hosting/monitoring-usage/audit-logging.md#actions" >}}) in the Audit Logging page.

Author: ```suggestion
    A user is _active_ if they perform any auditable action scoped to the organization _after May 8, 2025_. For a full list, refer to [Actions]({{< relref "/guides/hosting/monitoring-usage/audit-logging.md#actions" >}}) in the Audit Logging page.
```

1. Click **Export as CSV**. The downloaded CSV file lists details about each user of an organization, such as their user name and email address, the time they were last active, their roles, and more.
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab header="Multi-tenant SaaS Cloud" value="saas" %}}

> This feature is not available for Multi-tenant Cloud.

Author: ```suggestion
Exporting users is not available for Multi-tenant Cloud.
```
